Problem: no instructions to setup testnet node with nix (#77)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/croeseid-testnet-nix.md

# Croeseid Testnet: Running Nodes With Nix

## Pre-requisites

> Nix supports both linux and mac, for windows user, you can follow the [manual instructions](./croeseid-testnet.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nix supports both Linux and Mac, for Windows user, you can follow the [manual instructions](./croeseid-testnet.md).
```

## Install nix

Follow official instructions to install nix: https://nixos.org/download.html

Install cachix and enable crypto-com binary cache:

```shell

> $ nix-env -iA cachix -f https://cachix.org/api/v1/install

Author: done

$ cachix use crypto-com
```

## Install chain utils for testnet

```shell
$ nix-env -iA chain-utils-testnet -f https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-main/archive/f53418d87b8fede4fcee59078c996ee000eae4d2.tar.gz
```

After installation, you'll have these commands in your `PATH`:

- `chain-maind`, the chain binary for testnet
- `init-node`, the script to iniailize the chain data directory with state sync enabled
- `print-systemd-config`, print a systemd config file to stdout

## Initialization

```shell
$ export CHAINHOME=/path/to/data # optional, default to $HOME/.chain-maind
$ MONIKER=testnode init-node
```

Change the value of `MONIKER` to your node's name.

> state sync is initialized and enabled by `init-node` automatically, if you don't want that, you can disable it by edit

Reviewer 2: I think we have to inculd setting up the `TRUST_HASH` and `rpc_servers` for  state sync  as describe in the current [docs](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-docs/blob/master/docs/getting-started/croeseid-testnet.md#step-2-2-configurate-chain-maind)?

Author: It’s done in init-node script, it trusts the “latest-1000” block automatically.

Reviewer 2: Oh cool got ya

`$CHAINHOME/config/config.toml` manually, set `enable` field to `false` under section `[statesync]` like this:

```
[statesync]
enable = false
```

## Run

You can now run the chain node manually:

```shell
$ chain-maind start
```

Or setup systemd service on linux:

```
$ print-systemd-config | sudo tee /etc/systemd/system/chain-maind.service
$ sudo systemctl start chain-maind
```

Please refer to [Croeseid Testnet](./croeseid-testnet.md#step-3-run-everything) for instructions to issue transactions
and create validator.

## Isolated installation

> One of the strength of nix package manager is you can isolated installation, it would be important when you want to manage both testnet and mainnet chains on single machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the strengths of nix package manager is you can multiple isolated installations, it would be important when you want to manage both testnet and mainnet chains on a single machine.
```
